Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Well... lately I've been having some worries...
It’s really tough being loved, right?
It's become a problem
Turns out that yesterday as well....
There was a quarrel in my harem
Gremory-chan: "Can you please explain to me?"
Gremory-chan: "Can you tell me about whom you are thinking of?"
Well...
If you are making me choose only one person, I can't make a harem, you know
Persephone-chan: "Do you want me?"
Persephone-chan: "If so, please try to snatch me away"
Eh... no...
Persephone-chan!
I haven't said anythi-
Nanna-chan: "Let's have a beautiful romantic love?"
Nanna-chan: "I'm rooting for you!"
Eh? Eh?!
Wait! Don't continue a story for your own convenience!
Nanna-chan: ”Untill my life runs out..."
Nanna-chan: "I will pray for you!"
No, that's too much, too much, too much!
Brunhild-chan: "Swearing by the name of the battle maiden..."
Brunhild-chan: "I won't lose!"
Parica-chan: "Don't you want to become my underling?"
Hermione-chan: "Please devote the victory to me"
Hestia-chan: "Hehehe"
Hestia-chan: "I seem to have gotten fired up"
Ahaaha...
*inhales*
Girls, wait a second...
Well...
I appreciate your feelings, but...
Well, if you complicate...
The story like that-
Persephone-chan: "I hate liars"
Look, she’s mad now!
I’m scared when Persephone-chan gets angry!
Persephone-chan: "Let me lure you to the world of the dead"
You see?! I said it's bad, bad, bad!
Valkyrie-chan: "There is no need to worry"
Valkyrie-chan: "Because I have arrived!"
Well...
Because we only just.... met Valkyrie-chan, so I’m not sure if you’re trustworthy, right?
Belphegor-chan: *moans*
Belphegor-chan: "I slept so good~!"
Belphegor-chan: "I sort of don't want to work~"
So happy-go-lucky!
Don’t you see the situation we’re in?
Krishna-chan: "Such a bad child..."
Krishna-chan: "What would you even do if you were to disappear into the darkness?"
Eh? Wai- No!
There’s nothing yet between me and Persephone-chan!
Persephone-chan: "I hate liars"
Ehh?!
What kind of proven fact are you trying to establish?
Soul-chan: "Onii-sama is so impatient!"
No, I'm saying I didn't do anything yet!
Hestia-chan: "Are pranks not allowed?"
No, you already complicated things with what you said before!
Belphegor-chan: "Looks like I have no choice, I’m in a good mood so I'll play with you!"
As I said before, understand the situation we are in!
Gremory-chan: "I hope that the love in this world fills up!"
Your love is too heavy!
It was something like that
Although everyday they are very happy and fun with my noisy kittens
Look...
It’s still...
Not enough...
It’s for that, that...
I plan on making a guild!
Yaaaay!
Cha, chaaan!
I finished!
Well, like always, the name is…
*You can send a request to join after completing the tutorial!*
"Kizunazaka46"
♪ Humility! Goodness! Kizuna (Bonds)! ♪
*Words of encouragement used by Keyakizaka46*
And well...
In this occasion...
There exists certain conditions to join...
It has become extremely demanding
First!
It must be the avatar of a cute girl
You can be a guy with a girl avatar
And also...
Your groups...
Must be comprised of only adorable girls!
Those are the conditions
Doesn’t matter the power they have
I’ll only be accepting requests that meets those requirements
I count on you guys!
*I await your requests!*
So then those are the conditions, but...
I definitely...
Was thinking in wanting to demonstrate...
That I’ve gotten much better at playing this game
You know, I’ll get sad if you say: "I won’t enter her guild because Ai-chan is such a bad player"
Right?
Well, it’s a mission I already completed, but...
I’ll show you how I play!
In that case, let’s start at once!
Good!
Here I go!
It turns out that the fight against the boss is quite long, so then...
I plan on defeating minor enemies while trying to use the least amount of MP as possible!
Soiyaa!
Here I go!
Well, the minor enemies are a piece of cake
You see? There you go
It looks as if...
The dragon...
Has an afro, right?
These kinds of squares that’s found underneath the avatars and slowly increasing...
Are the skills...
It’s the cooldown time until the ability activates
They also appear under the enemy
If you coordinate both...
You can launch well your skills
As long as there are more squares and the waiting time is longer...
There exists...
The possibility that it’s a more powerful skill, so then...
Taking into account that you need to perform other actions, such as healing
First, the boss will place a barrier
There it is!
And later...
I have a class skill called "Barrier Breaker"
*If the boss places a barrier...*
*Use the Sorcerer’s calls skill "Barrier Breaker"*
And that way, you can destroy the barrier!
And that way, I can attack without holding back
The "Barrier Breaker" is important
Aaah!
Aahh, how scary, how scary, how scary...
Oh!
Don’t you think I’m doing well?
No, but I shouldn’t...
Lower my guard, I should do it only...
Around two more times, right?
And "Barrier Breaker" again
Toh!
Ah, it looks like a powerful attack is coming, so then...
I’ll take it to heal myself
*You can heal up to a second before you get a blistering attack*
I won’t die!
Ah, it looks really dangerous, right?
Knowing when it’s the moment to cure is very important, right?
*You should cure beforehand to avoid being in trouble*
Aaaahh...
No!
I can do it
I can do it!
Aaahh...
Just a bit more!
Good
And now it has a spell, so then...
I’ll use the skill "Soul Eater" to take it away...
And also...
I’ll steal it from him and use it for myself
Oh, it’s paralyzed!
Ah, well, this...
Just as healing exists, there’s also other powers...
How do I say it...
If you provoke an altered state in the enemy...
You can prevent it from doing its attacks
Ah!
It looks great!
Good job! Good work!
Also, it looks like I still have plenty of MP, right?
Oh!
Just a bit more!
Good!
It’s still not finished, right?
And now, now that I've gathered enough Musou, I’ll activate it!
Toiyaa!
Very good!
Oh, how powerful!
Ah!
It doesn’t look good, right?
I’ll use "Barrier Breaker"
It’s about to make a powerful attack! I should cure myself!
Good, good!
*You should cure beforehand to avoid being in trouble*
There’s only a little bit left, right?
If I can surpass this...
Oh, how cute!
It’s great, right? She had a nice butt
Here I go
Hey!
Oh, it went down quite a bit of energy! Very good!
*The music changed! Just a little more!*
Valkyrie-chan!
Soiya!
Here I go!
Good, I’ll use “Barrier Breaker”
*Before a blistering attack...*
*You can use “Barrier Breaker” to cause a stun!*
Here I go!
Ah! Ah!
Hey...
Good, good, I have HP maxed out, right?
Just a little more! Can I do it?
How do you like that!
Ha, ha, ha! Well, it’s so easy, right?
How do you think...
Of this elegant play of mine?
That was a piece of cake, right?
By the way, I'm Sorcerer class
And depending on your class, you can receive additional abilities for your character
Well, but now I'm intending to create my harem...
So while I'm not adding characters of this type...
But essentially, if I add characters that fit the Sorcerer type
I'll get additional extra abilities and I’ll get stronger
In short, cute is justice, right?
Mmm, today I also have a lovely view, a lovely view!
After I’ve gathered guild members...
I want to have fun together while gazing at the cute girls in the guild!
I'll do my best to keep gathering more characters from now on!
This has been Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
Translated by Bararo, Mitsukitten, Vortex, and StargazerOntan